hey guys what's happening it's steve
here and today i am bringing you
graffiti name request episode 12 now i'm
super excited about this episode and i
think you guys are gonna love this piece
but before I get into this video I just
want to talk to you guys about some of
the things that will be going on on my
channel in the next month I'm really
excited because I'm actually going to be
working on a collaboration video with
someone else on youtube and i think it's
just going to be a great partnership a
great little video collaboration and i
think you guys are all gonna really
enjoy it another thing that I've got
going on on my channel is obviously the
graffiti battle and i have received so
many awesome entries i probably received
about 30 entries for that so if you guys
still want to get some entries in go
ahead and check out that video i will
leave the link right there i just think
this is going to be an awesome month and
I'm really excited about it one other
thing that I think I might do is you see
this backdrop over here or lack of a
backdrop I think what I'm gonna do is
I'm going to take a lot of my graffiti
and just kind of collage it all over the
wall there and I'm just gonna have this
awesome rafidi backdrop so let me know
what you guys think of that definitely
have enough graffiti to cover that wall
anyways that's pretty much all i gotta
say guys i hope you like this video if
you do be sure to share it with your
friends and like it and favorite it and
all that good stuff because that
honestly helps my channel grow and i
really appreciate it but other than that
I hope you guys are all doing great and
thank you for all the support alright
peace out guys
you